     * skip to Internet Banking
     * skip to main content
     * skip to navigation

   Search this site for Search...___________ (BUTTON) Search
     * Country selector, press enter to show hide list. Selected country
       is Australia
       ANZ locations:
          + Australia
          + New Zealand
          + American Samoa
          + Cambodia
          + Mainland China
          + Cook Islands
          + Fiji
          + Germany
          + Guam
          + Hong Kong SAR
          + India
          + Indonesia
          + Japan
          + Kiribati
          + Korea
          + Laos
          + Malaysia
          + Myanmar
          + New Caledonia
          + Papua New Guinea
          + Philippines
          + Samoa
          + Singapore
          + Solomon Islands
          + Taiwan
          + Thailand
          + Timor Leste
          + Tonga
          + United Arab Emirates
          + United Kingdom
          + United States of America
          + Vanuatu
          + Vietnam
     * Find a branch / ATM
     * Help
     * Contact us

     * Personal Press enter to show hide sub-menu options.
          + Personal banking Accounts, services & tools for personal
            banking
          + Bank accounts icon Bank accounts Everyday/savings accounts
            & term deposits
          + Credit cards icon Credit cards Low interest rate, rewards
            frequent flyer & platinum
          + Home loans icon Home loans Investing, refinancing
            & buying property
          + Personal loans icon Personal Loans Car & travel loans, debt
            consolidation & overdrafts
          + Insurance icon Insurance Home, life, repayment,
            car & travel insurance
          + Investing & super icon Investing & super Investing, advice,
            super, retirement & ANZ Share Investing
          + ANZ Private Bank ANZ Private Bank High net worth wealth and
            investment management
          + Travel & International Travel & International FX rates, travel
            money &
            international payments
          + Ways to bank Ways to bank Internet & mobile banking, branches,
            ATMs & more
     * Business Press enter to show hide sub-menu options.
          + Business To find out how we can help you with all your small
            business banking needs visit our homepage
          + Bank accounts icon Start a business Help with planning,
            forecasting & setting up accounts
          + Bank accounts icon Manage cashflow Products & tools to help
            you manage expenses & cashflow gaps
          + Bank accounts icon Borrow Information about getting finance,
            buying property & more
          + Bank accounts icon Take customer payments Take payments
            instore, online or schedule payments
          + Bank accounts icon Make payments Manage your supplier & wage
            payments
          + Bank accounts icon Do business internationally Importing,
            exporting & managing foreign exchange
          + Bank accounts icon Save and invest Solutions to help you save,
            invest in shares & invest for retirement
          + Bank accounts icon Manage employees Manage HR & payroll,
            superannuation & more
          + Bank accounts icon Protect my business Get insurance & manage
            foreign exchange risks
     * Corporate Press enter to show hide sub-menu options.
          + Corporate Tailored solutions for businesses with turnover
            greater than $5m
          + Banking for your business icon Banking for your
            business Access industry specialists dedicated to your
            business
          + Products & services icon Products & services Financing,
            transacting, investing & risk solutions
          + Markets icon Markets Access global markets,
            trading & insights
          + ANZ Research icon ANZ Research Global economics, industry
            research & forecasts
          + Publications, guides & case studies icon Publications, guides
            & case studies Approaches to challenges facing your business
          + Tools, calculators & forms icon Tools, calculators & forms
            Fees, taxes, terms & forms
            for our products
          +
          +
          +
     * About us Press enter to show hide sub-menu options.
          + About ANZ Find out how we do things at ANZ
          + Our company icon Our company Who we are & how we
            do business at ANZ
          + Media centre icon Media centre Current ANZ media releases
            & announcements
          + Shareholder centre icon Shareholder centre Information on
            dividends, shares, AGMs & presentations
          + Careers icon Careers Jobs, graduates, trainees
            & Indigenous employment
          + Corporate Sustainability icon Corporate Sustainability Our
            approach & commitment to corporate sustainability
          + Debt investor centre icon Debt investor centre Debt investor
            information

Privacy

Help

     * Help
     * How to
     * Query a transaction
     * Activate my card
     * Use mobile banking to check transactions or balances
     * Use phone banking to check transactions or balances
     * Order a statement copy
     * Update your details
     * Report a lost or stolen card
     * Change loan repayments
     * Transfer funds overseas
     * Find SWIFT/BIC codes
     * Technical requirements
     * ANZ website terms of use
     * Privacy and website security
     * Privacy
     * Website security and privacy
     * Glossary of terms
     * Change your address

   Logon to ANZ services, press enter to show hide sub-menu options.
   Selected option is
   Internet Banking
     * (*) Internet Banking
     * ( ) ANZ Share Investing
     * ( ) ANZ Self Managed Super
     * ( ) The SB Hub
     * ( ) ANZ Business Insights

   [IMAGE]-Submit
     * Security

   Contact Details
     * Locate us
     * Find a BSB number

   Quicklinks
     * Secure Information Exchange

   Protecting your privacy and the confidentiality of your personal
   information is fundamental to the way ANZ does business.

   As a banking and financial services organisation, ANZ has a long
   history of handling personal information, including sensitive
   information, confidentially. We value the ongoing trust you have in us
   to protect your privacy.

   Below you will find some important information about how ANZ (which for
   this page, also means ANZ’s Australian subsidiaries and Australian
   based businesses, such as Esanda, One Path, and ANZ Share Investing)
   manage your personal information.

   ANZ’s Privacy Policy
   Our Privacy Policy explains how we manage and protect your personal
   information. It also describes how you can access and seek correction
   of the information ANZ holds about you and how you can make a complaint
   about ANZ’s privacy practices. … (read more)
   Collecting your personal information
   ANZ collects most personal information directly from you, however we
   may also collect your information from other sources, including third
   parties … (read more)
   Collecting information required by law
   ANZ may collect information from you because we are required or
   authorised by an Australian law or court/tribunal order to collect that
   information. … (read more)
   Disclosing your information overseas
   ANZ may need to disclose your information, including information we
   receive through the credit reporting system, to organisations located
   overseas. … (read more)
   Credit Reporting
   ANZ may disclose information about you to a credit reporting body and
   may obtain a credit report about you to assess a credit application and
   for other purposes. … (read more)


   ANZ’s Privacy Policy

   We will handle any information we collect about you in accordance with
   our Privacy Policy (PDF 112kB)

   Our Privacy Policy explains how ANZ and its Australian subsidiaries
   will manage your personal information, including the information we
   disclose to credit reporting bodies and the information we receive
   through the credit reporting system.

   You have a right to request access to the information ANZ holds about
   you, to seek correction of your information, and to lodge a complaint
   if you have concerns about how ANZ has managed your information. ANZ’s
   Privacy Policy explains how you can do each of these things and how ANZ
   will deal with any requests or complaints.

   If you have any questions or would like more information about ANZ’s
   Privacy Policy, please contact us.

   Call icon You may contact the person, department or branch that you
   normally deal with. Alternatively, you may call the ANZ Australian
   Contact Centre on 13 13 14 at any time or email your question or
   request to yourfeedback@anz.com.

                                                               Back to top
   Collecting your personal information

   ANZ collects most personal information directly from you. For example,
   you provide us with your information when you open an account, fill in
   an application form, deal with us over the telephone, send us a letter,
   use our website or visit a branch.

   ANZ may also collect information about you that is publicly available,
   including information from telephone directories, the electoral roll or
   other websites.

   There may be occasions when ANZ collects personal information about you
   from a third party. For example, ANZ may collect personal information
   from:
     * credit reporting bodies if we request a report about your credit
       history (see Credit reporting);
     * other credit providers if we request information from them about
       the products they provide to you;
     * organisations that ANZ has an arrangement with to jointly offer
       products and/or an alliance with to share information for marketing
       purposes to provide you with products or services and/or to promote
       a product or service;
     * our related entities so we can better manage your relationship with
       all ANZ companies;
     * marketing companies if we acquire contact information to tell
       people about ANZ products and services that may interest them; and
     * brokers and other parties who may have introduced you to ANZ.

   ANZ may also collect information about how you use ANZ’s and other
   websites to help us better tailor our services to you. For example, ANZ
   may do this when you click on a link from an ANZ website or visit a
   website which displays an ANZ advertisement. Usually, the information
   ANZ collects in this way is general information only derived from
   cookies and does not identify you. You can read more about cookies in
   ANZ’s website and security statement. If ANZ does identify you with
   this information (for example, if you have been logged onto an online
   ANZ service), any use or disclosure of that information will be in
   accordance with this Privacy Policy.

                                                               Back to top
   Collecting information required by law

   ANZ may collect information from you because we are required or
   authorised by an Australian law or court/tribunal order to collect that
   information. We will tell you if collection is required or authorised
   by law and provide you with details of the law, court or tribunal
   order.

   For example, when you open a deposit account, ANZ is required under the
   Anti-Money Laundering and Counter-Terrorism Financing Act to collect
   certain information from you to prove your identity, such as your
   driver’s licence or passport details. Further, when you provide a
   mortgage in favour of ANZ, in most States and Territories ANZ is
   required under Land Titles legislation or rules of the Registrar to
   verify your identity and this may require the collection of
   information. ANZ may collect information to verify your identity even
   in the limited circumstances where the collection is not yet required
   by law.

   ANZ may collect your Australian tax file number (TFN) when you open a
   deposit account. It is not compulsory to provide your TFN, but if you
   do not, ANZ may deduct withholding tax from your interest payments at
   the highest marginal rate. ANZ will only collect your TFN to determine
   whether you are subject to withholding tax on any interest payments you
   receive and for no other purpose. ANZ’s OnePath business is authorised
   by the Superannuation Industry Supervision Act 1993 to request that you
   provide your TFN. If ANZ collects your TFN, we will handle your TFN in
   accordance with the Privacy Act and the TFN Rule issued by the
   Commissioner.

   The National Consumer Credit Protection Act 2010 requires credit
   providers like ANZ to make inquiries into the financial situation,
   needs and objectives of individuals who apply for consumer credit. This
   is to ensure the credit provider has the information - such as the
   individual’s financial commitments, income and liabilities - to make an
   informed decision about whether the individual can afford the credit
   they are applying for.

   ANZ may also be required to ask about your tax residency status under
   taxation information sharing agreements the Australian Government has
   in place with other countries. For example, a tax treaty between
   Australia and the United States formed under US law (Foreign Account
   Tax Compliance Act) requires ANZ to ask some account holders whether
   they are US citizens or US tax residents when they open an account. If
   you are a tax resident of another country, the relevant treaty or law
   may require us to collect your relevant foreign tax identification
   number.

                                                               Back to top
   Disclosing your information overseas

   ANZ may need to disclose your information, including information we
   receive through the credit reporting system, to organisations located
   overseas.

   The most common reason for ANZ disclosing information overseas is
   because we use service providers to perform some functions on our
   behalf, and some of these service providers are located overseas. We
   only disclose your information to these organisations when it is
   necessary for the services they provide ANZ.

   For the most part, these service providers are related entities of ANZ
   which perform a range of technology, operational and customer service
   functions for ANZ.

   These entities are located in the following countries:
     * The Philippines
     * China
     * India
     * Fiji
     * New Zealand.

   ANZ may also use other offshore service providers to help provide you
   with our products and services or identify ways to improve our service
   to you.

   If you apply for a home loan with ANZ, receive an A-Z Review of your
   banking needs, discuss ANZ's Simple Wealth products with our Branch
   Staff, or have a conversation with our Contact Centre staff or one of
   our ANZ Financial Planners, ANZ may send you an automated follow up
   request for your feedback on your experience(s). ANZ uses external
   service providers based in the USA, Canada and the UK to help us send
   you the automated request and to analyse responses. We will therefore
   need to send your information to these locations.

   When we provide you with a home loan, and it is a loan which requires
   ANZ to take out Lenders’ Mortgage Insurance (LMI), ANZ will disclose
   your information to an administrator with data storage facilities in
   the United States.

   In addition to service providers, ANZ may also disclose your
   information to our overseas related businesses for the purposes
   explained in our Privacy Policy. For example, we may disclose your
   information to our Singapore business if you open an account with ANZ
   in Singapore.

   When we disclose your information to an organisation located overseas,
   we are required to take measures to ensure your information is treated
   in accordance with the standards that apply in Australia, except in
   rare cases (for example, where we are required by law to disclose your
   information overseas) or where we obtain your consent not to take these
   measures.

   The above is not a complete list of the countries to which your
   information may be disclosed when using an ANZ product or service. In
   some circumstances, the nature of the product or service you request
   may require ANZ to disclose your information overseas and the countries
   to which we may disclose your information will depend on the particular
   circumstances. For example, if you request to transfer funds to an
   overseas account using a telegraphic transfer, ANZ will be required to
   disclose your information to one or more overseas banks that are
   involved in making the payment. The location of these banks depends on
   where you want to send your funds.

                                                               Back to top
   Credit reporting

   If you apply for a product from ANZ, we may request credit reports from
   credit reporting bodies. These credit reports contain information which
   assists us to assess your application, including information about your
   credit history with other credit providers. Credit reporting bodies can
   provide credit providers with credit reports in certain circumstances,
   including when an individual makes an application for credit, or when a
   credit provider is seeking to help an individual avoid defaulting on
   their credit. Credit reports are designed to assist credit providers to
   accurately assess an individual’s ability to repay credit.

   To request a report, ANZ will provide information that identifies you
   and information about your application – including the type and amount
   of credit you are applying for.

   ANZ may request such reports for consumer credit or commercial credit
   applications.

   ANZ also discloses information about you to credit reporting bodies
   that can then be included in reports provided to other credit
   providers.

   Credit reporting bodies

   We disclose information to the following credit reporting bodies:

   Veda Advantage Information Services and Solutions Limited

   Veda's Privacy Policy
   Telephone icon
   1300 850 211
   Mailing address icon
   Veda Information Services & Solutions Ltd.
   PO Box 964.
   North Sydney NSW 2059.
   Enquire online icon
   Membership.query@veda.com.au
   Website icon
   Visit website

   Dun and Bradstreet (Australia) Pty Ltd

   D&B's Privacy Policy
   Telephone icon
   1300 734 806
   Enquire online icon
   PACAustral@dnb.com.au
   Website icon
   Visit website

   Experian Australia Credit Services Pty Ltd

   Experian's Privacy Policy
   Telephone icon
   1300 784 134
   Mailing address icon
   Experian Australia Credit Services Pty. Ltd.
   PO Box 1969.
   North Sydney NSW 2060.
   Website icon
   Visit website

   Each of these credit reporting bodies is required to have a policy
   which explains how it will manage your personal information. If you
   would like to read the policies of the credit reporting bodies we
   disclose information to, you can click on the links provided above. If
   you would like more information about the way they manage your personal
   information, you can contact them directly.

                                                               Back to top
   Disclosing your information to credit reporting bodies

   Recent changes to the Privacy Act mean that credit providers can now
   disclose more information about your credit history to credit reporting
   bodies, such as information about whether you make your required credit
   repayments on time. Credit providers will now be able to report and
   obtain more information about the credit individuals hold and how they
   repay their debt, beyond solely ‘negative information’ like defaults
   and other credit infringements.

   The idea behind this new system is that credit providers will have more
   information at their disposal to make more informed decisions when
   assessing credit applications. The law applies strict rules around the
   purposes for which credit providers can access and use this more
   detailed information.

   ANZ may disclose the following information about your credit to credit
   reporting bodies:
     * that ANZ provides credit to you;
     * the type of credit you hold;
     * the amount of credit provided to you; and
     * when your credit account is opened and closed.

   We may also disclose how you repay your credit. If you fail to make
   repayments on your credit or you default on your obligations, ANZ may
   report this information to a credit reporting body. Equally, ANZ will
   inform a credit reporting body if you make repayments on time or if you
   have corrected a default.

   We may also tell a credit reporting body if we suspect you have
   committed a serious credit infringement (for example, if you
   fraudulently obtain or attempt to obtain credit or you deliberately
   seek to evade your repayment obligations).

   Fraud

   If you believe that you have been or are likely to be a victim of fraud
   (for example, because you discover someone else is applying for credit
   in your name), you can ask credit reporting bodies not to use or
   disclose credit reports they hold about you. You can do this by
   contacting the credit reporting bodies directly. If you make such a
   request, a credit reporting body will not disclose information about
   you for 21 days. You can request an extension to this period if you
   believe you are still, or still likely to be, a victim of fraud.

   Marketing

   As part of ANZ’s service to you, we may identify new or existing
   products or services that may benefit you. For some products, ANZ may
   ask a credit reporting body to use the information it holds to identify
   individuals that are eligible for an ANZ marketing offer. If you are
   eligible you may be sent an offer on our behalf. You should contact
   credit reporting bodies directly if you do not want them to use your
   information in this way.

   ANZ may also contact you from time to time to let you know about
   existing or new products and services that may benefit you. We will not
   use information that we have received through the credit reporting
   system for this purpose.

   Accessing your information, requesting corrections and making
   complaints

   We manage the information we obtain about you from a credit reporting
   body in the same way as we manage all other personal information about
   you.

   Read our Privacy Policy (PDF 112kB) for more information about how to
   access the information we hold about you, how to seek correction of
   that information and how you can lodge a complaint if you have concerns
   about the way that ANZ has managed your personal information.

                                                               Back to top


   You need Adobe Reader to view PDF files. You can download Adobe Reader
   free of charge.
     * Privacy and website security
     * Website Terms of Use
     * Site Map
     * Help
     * Jobs at ANZ
     * Contact us

   © Australia and New Zealand Banking Group Limited (ANZ) 2015 ABN 11 005
   357 522. ANZ's colour blue is a trade mark of ANZ.
     * Connect with us
     * Facebook
     * LinkedIn
     * Twitter
     * YouTube
