   !

   Upgrade your web browser for an enhanced experience. Upgrade my
   browser.

    1. Argentina (English)
    2. Argentina (español)
    3. Australia (English)
    4. Austria (English)
    5. Belgium (English)
    6. Brazil (English)
    7. Canada (English)
    8. Chile (English)
    9. Chile (español)
   10. China (English)
   11. 中国 (中文)
   12. Fiji (English)
   13. Finland (English)
   14. France (English)
   15. France (français)
   16. French Polynesia (English)
   17. Germany (English)
   18. Deutschland (Deutsch)
   19. Hong Kong SAR (English)
   20. 香港特別行政區 (中文)
   21. India (English)
   22. Indonesia (English)
   23. Ireland (English)
   24. Italy (English)
   25. Japan (English)
   26. 日本 (日本語)
   27. Mexico (English)
   28. México (español)
   29. Netherlands (English)
   30. New Caledonia (English)
   31. New Zealand (English)
   32. Papua New Guinea (English)
   33. Philippines (English)
   34. Singapore (English)
   35. South Africa (English)
   36. South Korea (English)
   37. Spain (English)
   38. Switzerland (English)
   39. Taiwan (English)
   40. 台灣 (中文)
   41. Thailand (English)
   42. United Kingdom (English)
   43. United States (English)
   44. Vanuatu (English)
   45. Vietnam (English)

   Language - Region [Argentina (English)___________]

   Skip to content
   Qantas Airways
     * Menu

   ____________________ (BUTTON)
   Oneworld

     * Home
     * Destinations
          + Destinations
          + Destinations
          + Australia
               o Australia
               o Australia
               o Australian Capital Territory
               o Canberra
               o New South Wales
               o Sydney
               o Port Macquarie
               o Coffs Harbour
               o Tamworth
               o Lord Howe Island
               o Albury
               o Newcastle
               o Armidale
               o Dubbo
               o Wagga Wagga
               o Northern Territory
               o Darwin
               o Alice Springs and Red Centre
               o Uluru-Kata Tjuta National Park
               o Queensland
               o Brisbane
               o Cairns and Port Douglas
               o Gold Coast
               o Hamilton and Hayman Island
               o Mackay
               o Rockhampton and Great Keppel Island
               o Sunshine Coast
               o Great Barrier Reef
               o Bundaberg
               o Longreach
               o Mount Isa
               o Cloncurry
               o Blackall
               o Barcaldine
               o Gladstone
               o Emerald
               o Townsville
               o Roma
               o Charleville
               o Hervey Bay
               o Toowoomba
               o Horn Island
               o Weipa
               o Victoria
               o Melbourne
               o Mildura
               o Western Australia
               o Perth
               o Broome
               o Exmouth and Ningaloo Reef
               o Geraldton
               o Kalgoorlie
               o South Australia
               o Adelaide
               o Kangaroo Island
               o Port Lincoln
               o Tasmania
               o Hobart
               o Launceston
               o Devonport
          + Europe
               o Europe
               o Europe
               o United Kingdom
               o London
               o France
               o Paris
               o Germany
               o Frankfurt
               o Spain
               o Barcelona
               o Italy
               o Rome
          + North America
               o North America
               o North America
               o Canada
               o Vancouver
               o USA
               o Los Angeles
               o Dallas
               o New York
               o Miami
               o Hawaii
               o San Francisco
               o Las Vegas
               o New Orleans
               o Chicago
               o Orlando
               o California
          + Regional Australia
                 Get off the beaten track and explore Australia's
                 beautiful coastal and country regions.
               o Regional Australia
               o Regional Australia
          + Africa
               o Africa
               o Africa
               o South Africa
               o Johannesburg
          + South America
               o South America
               o South America
               o Chile
               o Santiago
               o Brazil
               o Rio de Janeiro
          + Asia
               o Asia
               o Asia
               o China
               o Hong Kong
               o Shanghai
               o Beijing
               o Japan
               o Tokyo
               o Hiroshima
               o Osaka
               o Thailand
               o Bangkok
               o Koh Samui
               o Phuket
               o Indonesia
               o Bali
               o India
               o Mumbai
               o Singapore
               o Singapore
               o Vietnam
               o Ho Chi Minh City
               o Malaysia
               o Kuala Lumpur
               o Sri Lanka
               o Colombo
          + New Zealand
               o New Zealand
               o New Zealand
               o North Island
               o Auckland
               o Wellington
               o South Island
               o Christchurch
               o Queenstown
          + South Pacific
               o South Pacific
               o South Pacific
               o New Caledonia
               o Noumea
               o Fiji
               o Nadi
               o French Polynesia
               o Tahiti
               o Vanuatu
               o Solomon Islands
          + Travel InsiderOpens external site
                 Restaurant and hotel reviews, photo galleries and travel
                 articles.
               o Opens external siteTravel Insider
               o Travel InsiderOpens external site
          + Where to go
                 Find the best places to visit and where to go in 2018.
               o Where to go
               o Where to go
               o Experience Australia
          + Where can I go?
                 Use our interactive map to plan your next trip. Search
                 using money or Qantas Points to find your next
                 destination.
               o Where can I go?
               o Where can I go?
       Promotional image Opens external site
     * Flight deals
          + Flight deals
          + Flight deals
          + All flight deals
                 Deals on Qantas flights across a range of Australian and
                 international destinations.
               o All flight deals
               o All flight deals
          + Domestic
               o Domestic
               o Domestic
               o Flights to Melbourne
               o Flights to Sydney
               o Flights to Brisbane
               o Flights to Perth
               o Flights to Cairns
               o Flights to Gold Coast
               o Flights to Adelaide
               o Flights to Darwin
               o Flights to Canberra
               o Flights to Hobart
               o Flights to Hamilton and Hayman Island
               o Flights to Exmouth and Ningaloo Reef
               o Flights to Broome
          + International
               o International
               o International
               o Flights to Shanghai
               o Flights to Bali
               o Flights to New Zealand
               o Flights to Fiji
               o Flights to Japan
               o Flights to Singapore
               o Flights to London
               o From Melbourne to London
               o Flights to New York
               o Flights to Los Angeles
               o Flights to Paris
               o Flights to Auckland
               o Flights to Rome
               o Flights to USA
               o Flights to Hong Kong
               o Sydney to Hong Kong
               o Flights to Hawaii
               o Flights to Santiago
               o Sydney to Santiago
               o Flights to Queenstown
               o Sydney to Queenstown
               o Flights to Africa
               o Sydney to Johannesburg
               o Flights to Las Vegas
               o Flights to Miami
               o Flights to San Francisco
               o Flights to New Orleans
               o Flights to Bangkok
               o Sydney to Bangkok
               o Flights to Barcelona
               o Flights to Dubai
               o Flights to Tokyo
               o Sydney to Tokyo
               o Flights to Vancouver
               o Sydney to Vancouver
               o Flights to Philippines
               o Sydney to Manila
       Promotional image
     * Plan
          + Plan
          + Plan
          + Timetables
                 Search Qantas timetables for Qantas, QantasLink and
                 Jetstar flights.
               o Timetables
               o Timetables
          + Travel advice
                 Information about visas, health and more.
               o Travel advice
               o Travel advice
          + Why Qantas?
                 The answer is simple. Excellent service, great value and
                 an award winning airline.
               o Why Qantas?
               o Why Qantas?
          + Route maps
                 Discover the world with Qantas and our partners.
               o Route maps
               o Route maps
          + Gifts and travel productsOpens external site
                 Shop for an exciting array of merchandise and exclusive
                 Qantas products at retail prices.
               o Opens external siteGifts and travel products
               o Gifts and travel productsOpens external site
          + Email subscription
                 Get the latest flight sales and travel reviews straight
                 to your inbox.
               o Email subscription
               o Email subscription
          + Our network
                 Discover the world with Qantas and our partners.
               o Our network
               o Our network
       Promotional image
     * Book
          + Book
          + Book
          + Flights
                 Book flights, multi-stop or round the world trips, search
                 using our interactive map, or book Groups or Conference
                 trips.
               o Flights
               o Flights
               o Multi-city flights
               o Round the world
               o Payment options
               o Conditions of Carriage
               o Fare types
               o Schedule of fees
               o Conferences
               o Group travel
          + Travel insurance
                 Book travel insurance for your next trip.
               o Travel insurance
               o Travel insurance
          + Gift vouchers
                 Buy flight and unique experience vouchers.
               o Gift vouchers
               o Gift vouchers
          + Hotels and Airbnb
                 Earn Qantas Points on our huge range of accommodation
                 options worldwide
               o Hotels and Airbnb
               o Hotels and Airbnb
          + Uber
                 Earn Qantas Points when riding with Uber to and from
                 eligible Australian airports.
               o Uber
               o Uber
          + Cars and Transfers
                 Book car hire and airport transfers around the world.
               o Cars and Transfers
               o Cars and Transfers
          + Pet sitting
                 Connect with a local pet sitter to mind your pet while
                 you're on holiday
               o Pet sitting
               o Pet sitting
          + Activities
                 Book city tours, hop-on-hop-off buses, organised tours
                 and more.
               o Activities
               o Activities
               o Winter things to do
               o South America Activities
               o North America Activities
          + Manage booking
                 Request seats, change flights, upgrade flights, check in
                 and more.
               o Manage booking
               o Manage booking
          + PackagesOpens external site
                 Browse event, skiOpens external site in a new window and
                 holiday packagesOpens external site in a new window.
               o Opens external sitePackages
               o PackagesOpens external site
          + Cruises
                 Search and book from over 15,000 cruise itineraries.
               o Cruises
               o Cruises
          + Restaurants
                 Earn 100 Qantas Points per diner at over 4,000
                 restaurants. Terms and conditions apply.
               o Restaurants
               o Restaurants
       Promotional image
     * Fly
          + Fly
          + Fly
          + Flight status
                 Find arrival and departure information and view our on
                 time performance.
               o Flight status
               o Flight status
               o On-time performance
          + Check in
                 Ways to check-in for your flight including online and on
                 your mobile.
               o Check in
               o Check in
               o Online check-in
               o Airport check-in
          + At the airport
                 Read our airport guides, learn about valet parking, and
                 book chauffeured transfers or meeting rooms.
               o At the airport
               o At the airport
          + Travel updates
                 Track updates on extreme weather or other major issues
                 that may impact your flight.
               o Travel updates
               o Travel updates
          + Seat selection
                 Request Extra Legroom seats or other seats after payment
                 for your flight has been made or select your seat at
                 check-in.
               o Seat selection
               o Seat selection
          + Travel classes
                 Find out more about our award winning First and
                 International Business class and other classes of travel
                 on Qantas.
               o Travel classes
               o Travel classes
          + Baggage
                 View baggage allowances, purchase additional baggage,
                 learn about dangerous goods or track lost baggage.
               o Baggage
               o Baggage
               o Checked baggage
               o Carry-on baggage
               o Additional baggage
               o Additional baggage terms and conditions
               o Dangerous goods
               o Permanent bag tags
               o Sporting equipment
               o Travelling with pets
               o Baggage services
          + Airport lounges
                 Start your trip in the exclusive surrounds of one of our
                 world class airport lounges.
               o Airport lounges
               o Airport lounges
          + Onboard
                 Find out more about inflight dining, entertainment, seat
                 maps plus explore our new 787-9 DreamlinerOpens external
                 site.
               o Onboard
               o Onboard
          + Specific needs
                 Options for mobility and medical assistance and
                 first-time flyers.
               o Specific needs
               o Specific needs
          + Travelling with children
                 Get ready for your big adventure with our dedicated
                 family section
               o Travelling with children
               o Travelling with children
               o Unaccompanied minors
               o Information for parents
               o Child car seat and restraint systems
               o Child car seat and restraint systems
               o Joey Club
               o Kids entertainment
       Promotional image
     * Frequent Flyer
          + Frequent Flyer
          + Frequent Flyer
          + Discover and join
                 Explore the many benefits of membership. Join Qantas
                 Frequent Flyer today to start earning points right away.
               o Discover and join
               o Discover and join
          + Flying Qantas and partner airlines
                 Discover the advantages of flying with Qantas and
                 our Partner Airlines. Learn about Status
                 Credits view tier benefits and use our
                 helpful calculators.
               o Flying Qantas and partner airlines
               o Flying Qantas and partner airlines
          + Qantas Points and partners
                 Find out how to earn points through cards and banking,
                 Qantas Cash® and the Qantas Mall. Use points for Reward
                 Flights, upgrades, in the Qantas Store and more.
               o Qantas Points and partners
               o Qantas Points and partners
          + Your account
                 Check your points balance, transfer points, update your
                 details, claim missing points, top-up points, manage
                 bookings and more.
               o Your account
               o Your account
               o Bookings
               o Upgrade a family member
               o Profile
          + Member specials
                 Access travel and partner special offers available
                 exclusively for our members.
               o Member specials
               o Member specials
          + The Qantas Club
                 Join or renew your membership, explore the benefits and
                 lounge locations, or manage your complimentary lounge
                 invitations.
               o The Qantas Club
               o The Qantas Club
               o Benefits
               o Join Qantas Club
               o Renew Qantas Club
               o Membership types
               o Qantas Club lounges
               o Complimentary invitations
               o Eligibility and access
               o Business facilities
               o Dress guidelines
               o Terms and conditions
       Promotional image
     * Qantas for Business
          + Qantas for Business
          + Qantas for Business
          + Join Qantas Business RewardsOpens external site
                 See how it worksOpens external site, check out the
                 benefitsOpens external site, or use our calculatorOpens
                 external site to see how many points your business could
                 earn.
               o Opens external siteJoin Qantas Business Rewards
               o Join Qantas Business RewardsOpens external site
          + Earn Qantas Points for your businessOpens external site
                 Start earning points on your everyday business expenses
                 with our partnersOpens external site, and earn triple
                 points when you book eligible flights with your American
                 Express Qantas Business Rewards Card.
               o Opens external siteEarn Qantas Points for your business
               o Earn Qantas Points for your businessOpens external site
          + Qantas Business Direct
                 Login to book and manage flights for your business.
               o Qantas Business Direct
               o Qantas Business Direct
     * Help
          + Help
          + Help
          + Customer support
                 Find out how to change your booking, contact your local
                 Qantas Office and get answers to other questions.
               o Customer support
               o Customer support
               o Flight bookings
               o Frequent Flyer membership
               o Customer feedback
               o Qantas corporate contacts
               o Lost property
               o Baggage services
               o Other services
               o Website technical support
               o Scam assistance
          + eSSENTIAL Accessibility
                 Download our free online tools for individuals with
                 dexterity limitation.
               o eSSENTIAL Accessibility
               o eSSENTIAL Accessibility
          + Site map
                 Find what you’re looking for with the Qantas site map.
               o Site map
               o Site map
          + FAQs
                 Get answers online right now to commonly asked questions
                 at Qantas.
               o FAQs
               o FAQs
       Promotional image

   ____________________ (BUTTON)

     * Home
     * Help
     * Privacy and security

Privacy and security

   Privacy Policy

   Updated: 22 May 2018
     * Introduction
     * Information we collect
     * How we collect personal information
     * How we use your personal information
     * Disclosure of personal information
     * Travelling for work
     * Qantas’ programs and clubs
     * How we use cookies
     * How we hold information and keep it secure
     * Disclosure of information across borders
     * Privacy complaints and further information
     * European data protection laws
     * Legal grounds for use of personal information
     * Contacting Us

Introduction

General

   This Privacy Policy explains how Qantas generally handles your personal
   information.  We may also provide more specific information relating to
   particular products or services in our privacy collection notices.

   We will update this policy on our website if we change the way we
   handle personal information.

   This Privacy Policy does not apply to Qantas’ employee records and
   contractor records.

Specific types of interactions with us

   In addition to the general information in this Privacy Policy, we have
   included specific sections that you should read if you:
     * travel for work with one of our corporate, business or government
       clients
     * travel for work on a booking in connection with one of our Qantas
       Business Rewards members
     * are a member of, or use, Qantas’ programs and clubs, including if
       you are a party to eligible transactions under the Qantas Business
       Rewards program
     * are based in the European Economic Area (the EEA) during your
       interactions with us (other than when you are in the EEA solely for
       travel purposes)

Who is Qantas?

   This Privacy Policy applies to Qantas Airways Limited and its related
   bodies corporate (referred to as “Qantas”, “we” and our), excluding
   Qantas Superannuation Limited and excluding all Jetstar branded
   entities.
   Back to top

Information we collect

General

   The types of personal information that we collect and process about you
   will depend on our relationship with you.  It will include some or all
   of the following:
     * General information about you: your name, title, gender, date of
       birth, contact details, passport or other identification details
       (which may include your image) and your answer to a security
       question (for example, your favourite colour)
     * Contact details: such as phone number, address, email address, and
       social media handle
     * Travel details: such as travel itinerary, baggage, seat
       preferences, seat and meal requests
     * Health and dietary information: dietary requirement and health
       information, including requests for specific assistance, in
       connection with your use of our products and services
     * Payment details: such as credit or debit card number and expiry
       date
     * Your use of our products and services: such as your use of our
       inflight entertainment systems and any related products and
       services, CCTV images captured in our airport lounges and on-board,
       and your previous travel arrangements with us
     * Our interactions with you: such as any feedback, complaints,
       compliments, claims you have made (such as in relation to lost
       luggage), responses to market surveys, records of any
       correspondence and interactions with us and our staff (including in
       person, online, by telephone or email and via social media)
     * Your interests: such as destinations you have visited and products
       you have bought
     * Website and mobile apps: if you use our website or mobile
       applications, your geo-location, IP address, mobile telephone
       number or ID, and details of how you use the website or app and any
       third party sites that you have accessed from them
     * Programs and clubs: your membership number and details of your
       participation in our programs and clubs.  If you are a member of,
       or use, our programs and clubs, see “Qantas’ programs and clubs”
       section below for more information about the data we collect
       connected to your membership
     * Employment information: if you are an employee or other person
       travelling or obtaining products or services in relation to one of
       our corporate, business or government clients or in connection with
       our Qantas Business Rewards programme, certain information about
       your employment or relationship with our corporate or government
       clients such as your employer’s name, your employee number, your
       professional title and your work contact information
     * Incidents: details about any incidents that you are either involved
       in or that you witness, in connection with your flight or any of
       our products or services
     * Wifi use: if you use wifi in our lounges or onboard our aircraft,
       we collect information about you, your device and how you use the
       wifi service
     * Shareholders: We may collect certain details about you to register
       and verify your interest in our securities.  This includes your
       name, address, number of shares held, tax file number and bank
       account details.  We may obtain this information through your share
       broker

   Certain aspects of your personal information, for example details of
   your travel documentation, payment details and contact information, are
   required for many of our products and services and if you fail to
   supply such information as requested for specific services, we may be
   unable to provide you with the products and services in full.

Sensitive personal information

   Under privacy laws, certain categories of personal information are
   considered particularly sensitive and therefore as needing additional
   protection. These categories include information about health, racial
   or ethnic origin, political opinions, religious beliefs, trade union
   membership or your sexual orientation. Sensitive information may also
   include genetic and biometric data. Information concerning criminal
   convictions and offences is also viewed as sensitive, for example,
   under European data protection law.

   We may collect and handle your sensitive personal information, for
   example, when you request special medical or access assistance or if
   you tell us you have specific dietary requirements relating to your
   religious beliefs.

   We will ask you for your consent to handle this type of personal
   information, to the extent required under applicable laws, for example
   under the Australian Privacy Act or the European General Data
   Protection Regulation.
   Back to top

How we collect personal information

   How we collect personal information about you will depend on our
   relationship or interactions with you.

Directly from you

   We mainly collect information directly from you, for example, when you
   use our website or social media, you call or write to us, we interact
   with you in person, such as when you use our products and services or
   participate in promotions, or you buy or sell shares in our company.

Indirectly

   There may be occasions when we collect information about you from
   someone else, such as:
     * Airline and non-airline partners participating in our programs and
       clubs
     * travel agents, booking agents and other airlines, including when
       you make an inquiry but do not complete a booking
     * When someone else books or purchases good or services on your
       behalf
     * Our service providers
     * Airports and their service providers
     * Freight and associated service providers
     * Third parties that provide us with marketing leads
     * Immigration, customs, border, security, law enforcement and other
       government and regulatory authorities
     * Other Qantas companies and Jetstar branded entities
     * Businesses for whom we provide marketing and data analysis services
     * Providers of third party websites, apps and social media platforms

   If you provide us with information about other individuals, regardless
   of whether you are travelling together, you are responsible for telling
   those individuals and letting them know that they can find a copy of
   this Privacy Policy on our website.
   Back to top

How we use your personal information

   We may use your personal information for the following purposes:
     * To provide and administer our travel products and services: to
       verify your identity, to contact you about your orders and bookings
       and travel, freight and other arrangements, to process payments,
       for quality assurance and training purposes, such as training our
       staff, testing our systems, and managing our suppliers.
     * For marketing purposes: to provide you with updates and offers, if
       you have chosen to receive these; to operate our competitions,
       promotions and events; to distribute our newsletters and other
       communications.  We may also use your information for marketing
       Qantas and our selected business partners’ products and services to
       you by post, email, SMS, phone and fax and, where required by law,
       we will ask for your consent at the time we collect your data to
       conduct any of these types of marketing.  We will provide an option
       to unsubscribe or opt-out of further communication on any
       electronic marketing communication sent to you.
     * To provide customer support: to handle queries, complaints and
       claims.
     * To comply with our legal obligations and for safety and security
       purposes: to ensure the safety and security of all passengers when
       travelling with us, including investigating security and screening
       issues. We may process your personal information to comply with our
       regulatory requirements including in relation to immigration,
       customs and security or dialogue with regulators, as applicable,
       which may include disclosing your personal information to third
       parties, the court service, regulators or law enforcement agencies
       in connection with enquiries, proceedings or investigations by such
       parties anywhere in the world or where compelled to do so.
     * To operate and facilitate your participation in our programs and
       clubs: if you are a member of our programs and clubs, we will use
       personal information that we collect about you to ensure that you
       get the benefit of the programs and clubs and our partners’
       programs and clubs, including to track your benefit accrual and
       redemption activities and record your usage of benefits.  Airline
       and non-airline partners participating in our programs and clubs,
       and operators of partner programs and clubs, may also use your
       personal information to facilitate your participation in the
       relevant program or club.
     * To conduct market, consumer and other research: to improve our
       products, services and marketing activities, including our
       websites, and to generate consumer insights that help us to market
       more efficiently and to be more relevant to you.
     * To ensure website content is relevant: including to ensure that
       content from our websites is presented in the most effective manner
       for you and for your device, which may include passing your data to
       business partners, suppliers and/or service providers.
     * To manage any shareholding you may have in Qantas Airways Limited:
       we use information about your interest in our securities to manage
       our share register, including through our service providers.

    We may also combine the information that we collect and hold about
   you.
   Back to top

Disclosure of personal information

   We may disclose your personal information to third parties in
   connection with:
     * goods and services that you have bought through us or that we
       provide to you
     * the operation of, and your participation in, programs and clubs
     * the operation of, and your participation in, programs and clubs
     * our legal obligations, responding to complaints and claims,
       investigating any activity that we suspect to be fraudulent
     * security, customs and immigration purposes
     * your interest in our securities

   including:
     * Other carriers on your itinerary so they can provide goods and
       services to you
     * Airline and non-airline partners participating in our programs and
       clubs to allow you to receive offers and benefits in our programs
       and clubs
     * Operators of other programs and clubs to allow you to receive
       offers and benefits in their programs and clubs
     * various law enforcement agencies, regulatory authorities and
       governments around the world and their service providers
     * such other third parties mentioned in the “How we use your personal
       information” section above

   For example:
     * travel operators and travel agents, ground handling service
       providers (such as check-in agents, freight handling, specific
       assistance and ground transport, airport lounge operators,
       chauffeur services, catering services), and other members of the
       Qantas group may need the information in connection with these
       purposes
     * we are required to maintain a register of shareholders and make it
       available for inspection by the public under the Australian
       Corporations Act 2001 (Cth) and we may also disclose information
       collected in connection with your shareholding to regulatory bodies
       such as the Australian Taxation Office.

   In addition to the above third parties, we may use service providers
   for the services listed below, many of whom handle your personal
   information on our behalf.
     * Billing and payment processing, including detecting fraudulent or
       suspicious bookings
     * Catering
     * Chauffeur services
     * Airport lounge operations
     * Ground handling (such as check-in agents, freight handling,
       specific assistance and ground transport)
     * Customer service and call centres
     * Corporate and government travel sales and fulfilment functions
     * Market research and analysis
     * Marketing, printing and distribution (including mailing and email)
       services
     * Information technology services such as data storage, passenger and
       freight booking and distribution systems, communication networks,
       software and system development, maintenance and support, incident
       investigation and resolution, and information processing, analysis
       and reporting
     * Investigating and responding to incidents

   We may disclose your personal information to comply with our legal
   obligations, respond to complaints and claims, and investigate and
   protect ourselves and third parties against any activity that we
   reasonably suspect to be fraudulent.  We may also disclose your
   personal information to law enforcement agencies, regulatory
   authorities and governments around the world and their service
   providers in connection with their investigations, screening or other
   functions.

   We may transfer your information between our related bodies corporate
   who comply with this Privacy Policy.
   Back to top

Travelling for work

   If you are travelling:
     * under a travel agreement with our corporate, business or government
       clients; or
     * on a booking in connection with one of our Qantas Business Rewards
       member,

   we may collect information about your role with the client or member.
   For example, your employment type, your role and title, your employee
   number, your start date with the client and your travel arrangements.

   We may disclose your travel details and any information associated with
   your travel (such as incident reports) to the client or member.
   Back to top

Qantas’ programs and clubs

   Our programs and clubs include the Qantas Frequent Flyer Program,
   Qantas Business Rewards, Qantas Assure, Qantas Money, the Qantas Club,
   Qantas Golf Club, Qantas Store and Qantas EpiQure.

   Membership of and participating in our clubs and programs is subject to
   the respective programs’ terms and conditions which can be viewed
   online at qantas.com.

Personal information we collect

General participation in our programs and clubs

   The specific programs and clubs you join and participate in will
   determine the particular information we collect about you.  However, in
   general we collect the information below about our members.
     * Information about your programs and club memberships: any
       information supplied as part of applications in connection with our
       programs and clubs.
     * Your payment details: including information related to Qantas
       Frequent Flyer linked credit cards and Qantas branded credit and
       pre-paid cards.
     * Marketing purposes: your preferences, marketing subscriptions,
       interests and details of other memberships you may have.
     * Information about your use of our products and services:
       information about how you earn, redeem and transfer points and
       details about your activities with us and our airline and
       non-airline partners as part of participating in our programs and
       clubs.

Logged in members who use qantas.com

   We may collect logs of your use of qantas.com while you have logged in.
   This information may include date and time of visit, membership number,
   membership status, surname, location and actions, for example, pages
   viewed, and pages submitted.

How we collect information

   We collect personal information about you as a member of our programs
   and clubs through your registration and participation in them.

   We may collect information directly from you through our interactions
   with you. We may also collect information from others who interact with
   us on your behalf, our related bodies corporate and Jetstar branded
   entities, partner airlines, third parties providing services for our
   programs and clubs, or our program and club partners, such as when you
   register through one of our program partners or transact with them.

   We may also collect information from public sources (for example,
   Census data) and combine this information with information that we hold
   about you.

How we use your personal information

Providing and marketing enhanced products and services

   We use your personal information to personalise the way we provide and
   market enhanced benefits, products and services to you.  We aim to
   enhance the way you use our programs and clubs by understanding your
   preferences, interests and hobbies.

   We may also market the products and services of our partners and other
   third parties who we believe may have products and services in which
   you would be interested.

General administration of clubs and programs

   We use the information we hold about you to administer our programs and
   clubs.  These activities include:
     * assessing your membership applications
     * keeping track of the points you have earned, redeemed and
       transferred
     * confirming your eligibility to participate in, and receive the
       benefits, goods and services, associated with our programs and
       clubs
     * investigating any activity we suspect to be fraudulent

   We also use the information we hold to improve our services and
   customer service.  This may be achieved through activities such
   research, behavioural analytics, and planning and developing products.

Logged in members who use qantas.com

   We may use this information we collect when members are logged in and
   using qantas.com to monitor the use of, and improve, the information
   and functions on qantas.com. We may also use the information to
   understand your preferences and provide you with information about our
   products and services and our partners' products and services which we
   think may interest you.

Disclosure of your personal information

   We may disclose your information to partner airlines, oneworld alliance
   airlines, and non-airline program partners for the purposes outlined in
   this Privacy Policy.

   We may also disclose your information to:
     * Providers of goods and services to members of our programs and
       clubs
     * Service providers for our programs and clubs

   They may use the information to assist us with our programs and clubs.
   Such activities may include:
     * administering our programs and clubs generally
     * determining your eligibility for, and providing, products and
       services
     * handling and processing membership applications
     * operating our call and service centres
     * providing  market research and marketing services

   We may also disclose your personal information in the course of
   investigating any activity we suspect to be fraudulent.

Qantas Business Rewards

   If you purchase or use goods or services that have been acquired as
   part of a transaction that is eligible under the Qantas Business
   Rewards program, we may collect information about your role with the
   Qantas Business Rewards member. For example, your employment type, your
   employee number, your start date with the client and your travel
   arrangements.
   Back to top

How we use cookies

   Cookies are small pieces of data stored on the web browser on your
   computer. This website and associated websites (including those you
   reach by clicking on advertising) may store cookies on your web
   browser.

   You can visit our viewing tips page to see if you have cookies enabled
   in your browser. See how we use cookies and to enable or disable
   cookies in your browser by visiting our Cookies Policies.
   Back to top

How we hold information and keep it secure

IT Security

   We hold your personal information in a combination of hard copy and
   electronic files. We use third party information system providers who
   may store or have access to your personal information.
   When you book flights or access information about your membership of
   our programs and clubs, a secure server is used. Secure Sockets Layer
   (SSL) encrypts the information you send through this website.

   No data transmission over the Internet or website can be guaranteed to
   be secure from intrusion. However, we maintain physical, electronic and
   procedural safeguards to protect your personal information in
   accordance with data protection legislative requirements and industry
   standards.

   If we have given you (or you have chosen) a password which enables you
   to access certain parts of our websites, you are responsible for
   keeping this password confidential and for complying with any other
   security procedures notified to you. We require that you do not
   disclose your passwords to anyone else.
   Back to top

Disclosure of information across borders

   When we disclose personal information in accordance with this Privacy
   Policy, it may be accessed from, transferred to, and/or stored outside
   the country in which you are located. The data protection laws in that
   country may be of a lower standard than those in your own country.  We
   will, in all circumstances, safeguard the personal information as set
   out in this Privacy Policy.

   Refer to the section on European Data Protection Laws for information
   about the export of personal data from the EEA to outside the EEA.

In the course of providing our services and facilitating reservations made
through us

   As a provider of travel and reservations services, we may disclose your
   information to countries where you travel or send freight to, or in
   which you have reserved services such as car hire or accommodation.
   This includes countries through which you are transiting and travel on
   flights operated by other airlines. In addition, your information may
   be disclosed to countries in which the providers of the services you
   have reserved operate or have their headquarters located.

Our service providers

   We may also disclose your personal information to data processors
   (including operators of global travel distribution systems and
   reservation systems), customer service providers and managers of our
   credit and financial products. The countries in which these third
   parties are located include the United Kingdom, the United States,
   Germany, South Africa and the Philippines.

Access to, and correction of, information about you

   In some countries you have the right to access, or correct, the
   personal information that we hold about you. If you would like to
   request access to, or correction of, your personal information that we
   hold, please contact us using the details in the section titled
   'Contacting Us'.

   To the extent required by applicable law, we will provide you with
   access to the information we hold about you, including for the purpose
   of correcting or updating that information, within a reasonable
   timeframe (or any time frame stipulated by the laws that apply to your
   request). If we are permitted to withhold some of your personal
   information and we choose to do so, we will advise you when responding
   to your request. If we refuse to provide you with access to, or to
   amend, the information, to the extent required we will notify you of
   our reasons for the refusal and how you may complain about the refusal.

   Where permitted by law, we may recover from you our reasonable costs of
   supplying you with access to this information. However, we will not
   charge you for the making of the request or to correct or update your
   personal information. Loyalty Program members can update their profile
   information online or by contacting the Qantas Frequent Flyer service
   centre.
   Back to top

Privacy complaints and further information

   If you have a concern about your privacy or you have any query on how
   your personal information is collected or used please contact us using
   the details below. We will respond to your query or complaint within a
   reasonable time.

   If you are not satisfied with our response, you may also contact the
   body responsible for administering the privacy laws in your country. If
   you are in Australia, you can contact the Office of the Australian
   Information Commissioner. In the United Kingdom you may contact the
   Office of the Information Commissioner.
   Back to top

European data protection laws

   This section applies if you are based in the European Economic Area
   (EEA) during your interactions with us (other than when you are in the
   EEA solely for travel purposes) and sets out the additional information
   that we are required to provide to you under European data protection
   laws.

   Under European data protection laws, use of personal information must
   be based on one of a number of legal grounds and we are required to set
   out the grounds in respect of each use. Companies may process personal
   data only when the processing is permitted by the specific legal ground
   set out in the law.

   In the table below, we have set out the relevant grounds that apply to
   each purpose of data processing that is mentioned in this Privacy
   Policy. You can find an explanation of each of the legal grounds for
   use of personal information here.

   CAPTION: The purpose of data processing and it's uses

   Purposes of the data processing Use bases
   To provide and administer our travel products and services
     * contract performance
     * legitimate interests (to allow us to perform our obligations and
       provide services to you)

   For sensitive Personal Data
     * Consent

   For marketing purposes
     * legitimate interests (in order to market to you) and consent (which
       can be withdrawn at any time)

   To provide customer support
     * contract performance
     * legal obligation
     * legitimate interests (to allow us to correspond with you in
       connection with our services)

   To comply with our legal obligations and for safety and security
   purposes
     * legal obligation
     * legal claims
     * legitimate interests (to cooperate with law enforcement and
       regulatory authorities)

   For sensitive Personal Data
     * legal claims
     * vital interests
     * substantial public interest
     * public interest in area of public health

   To operate and facilitate your participation in our programs and clubs
     * contract performance
     * legitimate interests (to allow us to provide tailored services to
       you)

   To conduct market, consumer and other research
     * legitimate interest (to ensure that we understand our clients’
       requirements)

   To ensure website content is relevant
     * legitimate interests (to allow us to provide you with the content
       and services on our website)

   To manage any shareholding you may have in Qantas Airways Limited
     * contract performance
     * legitimate interests (to allow us to perform our obligations and
       provide services to you)

Legal grounds for use of personal information

   The principal legal grounds for our use of your personal information
   are as follows:
     * Consent: where you have consented to our use of your information
       (you will have been presented with a consent form in relation to
       any such use and may withdraw your consent).
     * Contract performance: where we are required to collect and handle
       your personal information in order to provide you with the services
       that we have contractually agreed to provide to you, e.g. where you
       have booked a flight with us or the use of our freight service.
     * Legal obligation: where we need to use your personal information to
       comply with our legal obligations.
     * Vital interests: where we need to process your personal information
       in order to protect the vital interests of you or another natural
       person, e.g. where you require urgent assistance.
     * Public interest: where we need to process your personal information
       in order to carry out a task that is in the public interest.
     * Legitimate interests: where we use your information to achieve a
       legitimate interest and our reasons for using it outweigh any
       prejudice to your data protection rights.

   The legal grounds for our use of the sensitive categories of personal
   information are:
     * Consent: where you have explicitly consented to our use of your
       personal information. You may withdraw your consent to the use of
       your personal information.
     * Vital interest: where we need to process your personal information
       in order to protect the vital interests of you or another natural
       person where you or the other person is physically or legally
       incapable of giving consent.
     * Legal claims: where your personal information is necessary for us
       to establish, exercise or defend any legal claims.
     * Substantial public interest: where we need to process your personal
       information for reasons of substantial public interest set out in
       EU law or the laws of the member state in which you are based.
     * Public interest in area of public health: where we need to process
       your personal information for reasons of public interest in the
       area of public health, such as protecting against serious
       cross-border threats to health, set out in EU law or the laws of
       the member state in which you are based.

Disclosure of information outside the EEA

   When we transfer personal information from inside the EEA to outside
   the EEA, we may be required by law to take specific measures to
   safeguard the relevant personal information. Certain countries outside
   the EEA have been approved by the European Commission as providing
   essentially equivalent protections to EEA data protection laws and
   therefore no additional safeguards are required to export personal
   information from the EEA to these jurisdictions. In countries which
   have not had these approvals, we will use appropriate safeguards to
   protect any personal information being transferred, such as EU
   Commission-approved model contractual clauses or binding corporate
   rules permitted by applicable legal requirements.

   Please refer to the section “Contacting Us” if you would like to see a
   copy of the specific safeguards applied to the export of your personal
   information.

Retention period

   Our retention periods for personal data are based on business needs and
   legal requirements. We retain personal data for as long as is necessary
   for the processing purpose(s) for which the information was collected,
   and any other permissible, related purpose. For example, we may retain
   certain transaction details and correspondence until the time limit for
   claims arising from the transaction has expired, or to comply with
   regulatory requirements regarding the retention of such data. When
   personal data is no longer needed, we either securely destroy it, or
   irreversibly anonymise the data (and we may further retain and use the
   anonymised information).

Marketing

   You have the right to ask us not to process your personal information
   for marketing purposes. We will inform you if we intend to use your
   information for such purposes or if we intend to disclose your
   information to any third party for such purposes. You can exercise your
   right to prevent such processing by not opting in when we invite you to
   participate in our marketing activities. You can also exercise the
   right by contacting us as set out in the “Contacting Us” section below
   or by managing your marketing preferences at “My Profile” if your
   profile is registered on our website.

Additional Rights Under EU Law

   In addition to the rights outlined elsewhere in this Privacy Policy,
   under certain conditions you may have the right under EU data
   protection law to ask us to:
     * provide you with further details on how we use and process your
       personal information;
     * delete personal information we no longer have grounds to process;
       and
     * restrict how we process your personal information while we consider
       an inquiry you have raised.

   In addition, under certain conditions, you have the right to:
     * where processing is based on consent, withdraw the consent;
     * lodge a complaint with a supervisory authority;
     * object to any processing of personal information that we process on
       the “legitimate interests” or “public interests” grounds, unless
       our reasons for the underlying processing outweighs your interests,
       rights and freedoms; and
     * object to direct marketing (including any profiling for such
       purposes) at any time.

   You can exercise these rights by contacting us at the “Contacting Us”
   section below.

   These rights are subject to certain exemptions to safeguard the public
   interest (e.g. the prevention or detection of crime) and our interests
   (e.g. the maintenance of legal privilege).
   Back to top

Contacting Us

   Our preferred method for receiving questions about privacy is for you
   to use our online form.

   You may also write to us at:

   Group Privacy Officer
   C/- Qantas Customer Care
   Qantas Airways Limited
   10 Bourke Road
   Mascot NSW 2060
   Australia

   If your inquiry relates to European data protection laws you may
   contact our European Data Protection Officer at EU.DPO@qantas.com.au
   Back to top

   Go to top

About Qantas

     * News room
     * Our company
     * Careers
     * oneworld
     * More about Qantas
     * Modern Slavery Act Statement

Never miss a deal again

   Create sale alerts with the Qantas smartphone app or subscribe to Red
   Email.
   Enter your email
   ____________________
   (Submit) Subscribe

Follow us

     * 923k+ fansOpens external site in a new window
     * 400k+ followersOpens external site in a new window
     * 148k+ followersOpens external site in a new window
     * 37k+ subscribersOpens external site in a new window
     * 405k+ followersOpens external site in a new window
     * 33k+ followersOpens external site in a new window

   Oneworld JetstarOpens external site in a new window eSSENTIAL
   Accessibility^TM
     * FAQs
     * Contacts
     * Privacy & Security
     * Terms of Use
     * Viewing Tips

   © Qantas Airways Limited ABN 16 009 661 901
