   Skip to Main Content
   Home Page
   Skip to Login Panel
   Skip to Top Navigation Menu
   Skip to Left Navigation Menu
   Skip to Footer Navigation Menu

   Velocity Frequent Flyer - A Program of real value

[Left Navigation Menu]

     * Claim Missing Points
     * Update My Details
     * My Bookings
     * Redeem My Points

[Top Navigation Menu]

     * Home
     * Benefits
        [Benefits Sub Navigation Menu]
          + Learn about Velocity
          + Earning Points
          + Using Points
          + Transferring Points
          + Global Wallet
               o About Global Wallet
               o Global Wallet Account Centre
               o Activate Global Wallet
          + Travelling with pets
          + Family Benefits
          + Status Benefits
          + Velocity Live
          + Velocity Daily
     * Shop online
        [Shop online Sub Navigation Menu]
          + Shop to earn Points
          + Shop using Points
     * Earn
        [Earn Sub Navigation Menu]
          + Flights
               o Earning Points
               o Airline Partners
               o Mileage Calculator
               o Sign Up to V-mail
               o Earning Status Credits
          + Frequent Flyer credit cards
               o Velocity Co-branded Cards
               o Transfer credit card points
          + Global Wallet®
          + Fuel
          + flybuys
          + Energy
          + Earn as a Business
          + Cars
               o Car Hire
               o Car Service
               o Car Parking
               o Car Parts & Accessories
          + Hotels
               o Book via Virgin Australia Holidays
               o Hotel Partners
               o Transfer Points
               o Dining Experiences
          + Wine & dine
          + Holidays & travel
          + Lifestyle & entertainment
          + Home & business services
          + Insurance & banking products
          + Property & Real Estate
          + Buy Velocity Points
          + Sustainability
          + Velocity Daily
     * Redeem
        [Redeem Sub Navigation Menu]
          + Flights
               o Book a Flight
               o Airline Partners
               o Flight Reward Options
               o Tigerair Australia Redemption
          + Flight upgrades
          + Fuel
          + Velocity Rewards Store
               o Fashion, Lifestyle & Health
               o Gift Cards & Donations
               o Travel
               o Leisure & Entertainment
               o Technology & Electronics
               o Home & Outdoor
               o Special Offers
          + Car hire
          + Hotels
               o Redeem hotel stays
          + Holidays & travel
          + Sport
          + Buy Velocity Points
     * Offers
        [Offers Sub Navigation Menu]
          + Monthly Deals
          + Flights
          + Credit cards
          + Cars
          + Fuel
          + Energy
          + Hotels
          + Holiday & travel
          + Wine & dine
          + Lifestyle & entertainment
          + Home & business services
          + Insurance & banking products
          + Velocity Daily Promotions
     * Status
        [Status Sub Navigation Menu]
          + About Status
          + Earning Status Credits
          + Silver Membership
          + Gold Membership
          + Platinum Membership
          + Benefits at-a-glance
          + Global Lounge Access
     * My Account

[Main Content]

   [Current Location -
     * Home
     * Privacy
     * Privacy Policy

   ]
   Privacy Policy

                            1. About this Policy

                   2. Collecting your personal information

             3. Use and disclosure of your personal information

                           4. Overseas disclosures

                              5. Job applicants

                6. How we use cookies and web-tracking tools

               7. Our marketing and your personal information

            8. Storage and security of your personal information

          9. Access to and correction of your personal information

                         10. How to make a complaint

                      11. Changes to our Privacy Policy

                               12. Contact us


                                     ""

1. About this Policy

   Velocity is committed to protecting the privacy of your personal
   information. This Privacy Policy tells you how Velocity Rewards Pty Ltd
   and Velocity Frequent Flyer (“we”/ “our”/ “us”) will handle your
   personal information in accordance with the Privacy Act 1988 (Cth) and
   the Australian Privacy Principles. We also provide privacy collection
   notices when we collect your personal information. View our current
   Privacy Statement. We will update our Privacy Policy if we change how
   we handle your personal information or as required by law. Updates to
   our Privacy Policy will be published on our website.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

2. Collecting your personal information

   2.1 Types of information we collect

   The personal information that we collect includes:
     * your name, address, email address, phone number and date of birth;
     * your travel history, travel preferences, airline tier status, other
       loyalty program memberships, employment details and sporting and
       lifestyle interests;
     * whether you are a customer or member of one of our Program Partners
       and information about you that you have provided to that partner;
     * information about your travel and other transactions resulting in
       Velocity Frequent Flyer Points, Rewards or Status Credits being
       claimed, earned, transferred or redeemed;
     * payment information in connection with products or services that
       you purchase;
     * IP address or MAC address when using our website or mobile
       applications;
     * any information that you allow social media sites to share with us
       if you interact with us;
     * information that you provide when participating in market or
       product research;
     * any feedback or other material that you choose to share with us,
       including photos and videos, about your experiences with us, our
       related entities, Airline Partners and Program Partners;
     * and information relating to your dealings with us, including
       developing insights about you so that we can better understand your
       preferences and interests.

   2.2 Collecting health and other sensitive information

   We collect your health or other sensitive information if you provide it
   to us. For example, we may need to collect your health information) if
   you contact our Membership Contact Centre to make a redemption flight
   booking (such as where you make a ‘Special Assistance’ request), or if
   you request a Membership Pause for Parental Leave.

   By providing your health information to us, you consent to us
   collecting your health information and using and disclosing it for the
   purposes set out in this Privacy Policy. We will not use your health
   information for marketing purposes.

   2.3 Anonymity

   Where possible, we will allow you to interact with us anonymously or
   using a pseudonym. For example, if you contact us with a general
   enquiry, we will not ask for your name unless it is necessary to handle
   your enquiry.

   We usually need your name and contact information for most of our
   functions and activities.

   2.4 How we collect personal information

   We collect your personal information in a number of ways. We collect
   your personal information directly from you or in the course of our
   dealings with you, for example when you:
     * join Velocity Frequent Flyer or update your membership details,
       subscribe to our email or other communications, enter a
       competition, provide feedback to us or otherwise interact with us;
     * visit or transact through our website, Velocity Rewards Store or
       eStore, social media channels or mobile applications;
     * apply for a position with us;
     * complete a form for us;
     * participate in market or product research;
     * provide feedback, or other material, about us, our related
       entities, Airline Partners and Program Partners; or
     * contact us by phone or through our website. We record all calls so
       we will collect any personal information you provide during a call.

   We also collect personal information about you from other people or
   organisations. This includes our related entities and:
     * our Airline Partners and Program Partners;
     * third parties where you apply for and use one of our Program
       Partner’s credit or other loyalty program cards;
     * your family member if they provide your personal information to us
       as part of a Family Pooling arrangement;
     * Rev Australia Pty Ltd, the distributor of the Global Wallet
       product;
     * recruitment agencies and previous employers, if you have applied
       for a position with us and with your consent;
     * our service providers and contractors that perform services for us
       such as data analytics, marketing support (including providing us
       with marketing leads), market research, customer support (including
       call centre functions), running competitions and promotions,
       payment fulfilment and fraud protection.

   We may combine and/or compare personal information that we hold about
   you with other information collected from, or held by, others
   (including our Velocity Frequent Flyer Partners, related entities or
   third parties). We do this to better understand your interests and
   preferences, which helps us to enhance your membership experience. More
   information about why we do this is provided under ‘Why we collect
   personal information’.

   2.5 Why we collect personal information

   We collect your personal information so that we can provide you with
   our services and any products that you may have requested, to contact
   you and to carry out our functions and activities.

   The purposes for which we collect your personal information includes:
     * assessing and processing your application to join the Velocity
       Frequent Flyer Program and managing your membership;
     * verifying your identity;
     * communicating with you about your membership and membership
       transactions;
     * identifying and arranging benefits for you connected with your
       membership, including frequent flyer program points
       earning/redemption, Program Partner recognition and benefits;
     * managing your flight bookings with our related entities and Airline
       Partners;
     * contacting you with marketing and promotional material about our
       offers or promotions, and those of our related entities, Airline
       Partners, Program Partners and third parties; and to identify
       products and services provided by them, and membership benefits and
       rewards that may be of interest to you;
     * processing your card application and Velocity membership join,
       where you apply for and use one of our Program Partner’s credit or
       other loyalty program cards, and awarding Points, Rewards or other
       benefits in connection with that card;
     * training our staff and testing our systems;
     * developing insights about you so that we can better understand your
       preferences and interests. We do this to identify products,
       services, membership benefits and rewards offered by us, our
       related entities, Airline Partners, Program Partners and third
       parties that may be of interest to you. We also do this to
       personalise your experience and enhance those products and services
       offered by us, our related entities and our Program Partners. We
       may also use trusted service providers to undertake the process of
       developing these insights;
     * where reasonably required for the operation of each Virgin
       Australia Group business;
     * complying with our legal, audit, assurance, reporting and
       investigation obligations, and for operational or regulatory
       compliance purposes;
     * involving you in market or product research;
     * seeking your feedback about our services and your experiences with
       us, our related entities, Airline Partners and Program Partners. We
       may use feedback or other material that you share with us in our
       marketing and promotional material with your consent;
     * responding to feedback, queries and complaints; and
     * helping us to continuously improve the services and products we
       offer.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

3. Use and disclosure of your personal information

   We will use and disclose your personal information for the purposes
   described in ‘Why we collect your personal information’. If we need to
   handle your information for any other purpose, we will only do so with
   your consent or where you may otherwise reasonably expect us to do so.

   We may also disclose your personal information:
     * to Virgin Australia Airlines and our other related companies,
       travel and booking agents;
     * to our Airline Partners and Program Partners;
     * to your family members who are part of a Family Pooling
       arrangement;
     * to Rev Australia Pty Ltd, the distributor of our “Global Wallet”
       product, if you are eligible to receive or request to receive a
       Global Wallet enabled Velocity membership card;
     * to our third party product and service providers, including those
       providing technology and related support services, call centre
       services, promotions and prize fulfilments services, marketing and
       advertising services, data analysis and business intelligence
       services, payment fulfilment and fraud protection services and
       security services;
     * in connection with the investigation of fraud or suspicious
       activity relating to services provided by us, our related entities,
       Program Partners and Airline Partners; and
     * to our professional advisers and insurers.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

4. Overseas disclosures

   We may need to share your personal information with organisations or
   persons located outside of Australia. The countries in which these
   organisations or persons are located will depend on the circumstances,
   but in the course of our ordinary operations, we generally disclose
   personal information to:
     * our third party service providers located in Canada, France,
       Germany, Hong Kong, India, Ireland, Japan, Malaysia, New Zealand,
       Paraguay, Singapore, The Philippines, Turkey, United Kingdom and
       United States of America;
     * and our Program Partners located worldwide. We will only disclose
       your personal information to an overseas Airline Partner or Program
       Partner where necessary to process a transaction for you.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

5. Job applicants

   We will generally collect the personal information that you include in
   your application, such as your contact details, career history and
   education details when you apply for a job with us. We may also collect
   sensitive information from you if it is relevant for the role you are
   applying for, for example, medical information or criminal history. We
   may also collect information about whether you identify as Aboriginal
   or Torres Strait Islander for our Diversity and Inclusion Strategy.

   We may also obtain personal information about you from your previous
   employers or nominated referees. We will only do this with your
   consent. We collect personal information for the purpose of assessing
   and progressing your application. We will hold your personal
   information for future job opportunities with us, unless you tell us
   not to.

   We may disclose your personal information to our related entities, your
   referees and also to third party suppliers that we use to help with our
   recruitment processes, such as recruitment agencies and organisations
   that conduct competency or psychometric tests. We may also disclose
   your personal information to law enforcement agencies to verify whether
   you have a criminal record.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

6. How we use cookies and web-tracking tools

   Cookies are tiny files sent to your browser and stored by your browser
   on your computer or other device that you're using to access our
   website or use our mobile applications.

   Our cookies collect your IP address or MAC address, the city associated
   with your IP or MAC address, the date and time of your visit to our
   website, pages viewed, the URL of the website that you viewed before
   our website and the type of browser you use.

   We also use Google Analytics, which is a web-tracking tool that
   generates detailed statistics about traffic to our websites and traffic
   sources. This tool can also measure and record conversions and sales.
   It only provides us with aggregated data (not personal information of
   our website visitors).

   The cookies and web-tracking tools allow our websites and mobile
   applications to interact more efficiently with the device you are using
   and to help us improve the content and functioning of our websites and
   mobile applications.

   We also use cookies to help us and our third party service providers
   present targeted and customised advertising to you on our website and
   on third party websites.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

7. Our marketing and your personal information

   We use personal information that we hold about you to identify services
   and products that may be of interest to you.

   We may contact you by email, text message, post or phone to let you
   know about membership benefits and promotions offered by us, our
   related entities and Program Partners. We also use internet-based
   marketing including targeted online advertising and online behavioural
   marketing.

   We may disclose your personal information to our related entities and
   Program Partners to allow them (through third parties or us) to tell
   you about a product or service that may be of interest to you, based on
   your membership details or transactions with us. Our marketing agencies
   may also contact you using your personal information that they already
   hold, or we may provide your personal information to them, in order to
   serve you with more relevant advertising about our services and
   products.

   You can contact us at any time if you no longer wish to receive
   marketing materials from us, our related entities or our partners. You
   can opt-out from marketing materials you receive from us by clicking on
   the “unsubscribe" link at the bottom of the email or logging in to your
   Velocity Account and going to “My Preferences”.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

8. Storage and security of your personal information

   We mostly hold personal information electronically in our IT systems
   and databases. We also hold personal information in telephone
   recordings and in hard copy paper files. We use third party service
   providers to store some personal information.

   We take active steps to protect the information that we hold about you
   from misuse, interference and loss, and from unauthorised access,
   modification or disclosure. We do this by having physical, electronic,
   online and network security systems, monitoring systems and networks
   for security violations, limiting who can access your personal
   information and training our staff to keep your information safe and
   secure.

   Please contact us if you become aware of any breach of security.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

9. Access to and correction of your personal information

   You have a right to request access to, or correction of, the personal
   information that we hold about you.

   If you wish to access, correct or update any personal information that
   we hold about you, please contact us on the details below. We will need
   to verify your identity before we can process your request.

   We will respond to your request within a reasonable period of time and
   provide access in the manner you have requested, unless it is
   unreasonable or impracticable for us to do so.

   Sometimes we will be able to respond to your query over the phone, but
   sometimes we may need your request in writing. We might need some time
   to gather the requested information and get back to you. These more
   complex requests usually take us between 14 and 30 days. We might need
   to send a copy of the information to you by post or we might ask you to
   come and see us to have a look at the information.

   Making a request is free. But depending on what information you request
   access to, we may need to charge you for giving you access to the
   information. The charges will not be excessive and we'll let you know
   if a charge will apply before we proceed with giving you access. There
   is no charge for correcting your personal information.

   There may be reasons why we cannot give you access to the information
   that you have requested, or correct your personal information. If this
   is the case, we will let you know these reasons in writing. If you
   disagree with our decision, you can make a complaint about this, by
   following the complaint procedures in this Privacy Policy.

   If we refuse to correct your personal information that we hold, you can
   ask us to associate with that information a statement that the
   information is inaccurate, out-of-date, irrelevant or misleading.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

10. How to make a complaint

   If you have a complaint about how we have handled your personal
   information, you can contact us using the details below.

   Once we have received your complaint, we will investigate and respond
   to you within a reasonable period of time. Our aim is to resolve any
   complaint within 10 working days of receiving the complaint. If this is
   not possible, we will contact you and let you know why and how long we
   think it will take.

   We take any privacy complaint seriously and will deal with your
   complaint fairly and promptly. However, if you are not satisfied with
   our response or how we handled your complaint, you may complain to the
   Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (in writing) at:

   Office of the Australian Information Commissioner (OAIC)
   GPO Box 5218 Sydney NSW 2001Phone: 1300 363 992
   TTY: 1800 620 241
   email: enquiries@oaic.gov.au

   If your complaint relates to our airline services (rather than
   privacy), you can contact the Airline Customer Advocate, which provides
   a complaint handling and dispute resolution process for eligible
   airline customers.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

11. Changes to our Privacy Policy

   We may update our Privacy Policy from time to time. Our Privacy Policy
   was last updated in May 2018. By continuing to use our website or
   otherwise continuing to deal with us, you accept this Privacy Policy as
   it applies from time to time.

   We will post all updates to our privacy page.

   Should you wish to request access to this Privacy Policy in another
   form please contact us on the details below.

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

12. Contact us

   You can contact us by:

   Email: privacy@virginaustralia.com

   Writing to us at:

   Privacy Officer
   PO Box 1034
   Spring Hill QLD 4004

                                                               Back to top

                                     ""

[Login Panel]

Access my account

   Log in

Not yet a member?

   Join free now
   Your journey starts here
     * Support

     * LinkedIn
     * Facebook

     * Terms & Conditions
     * Terms of Use
     * Privacy
     * Site Map

   © Velocity Frequent Flyer Pty Limited ACN 601 408 824
